Update README.md (#290)
Basement-Renovator/basement-renovator: README.md

### F.A.Q.

> *How do I use the 'InstaPreview' tool?*
> - Open `settings.ini` in the BR folder in a text editor. Add a line that says: `InstallFolder=(...)`. Where (...) would be the location of the install folder
>  (same as the 'ModsFolder' minus the '/mods' end).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*The 'InstaPreview' tool isn't working for me; what can I do?*
- Open `settings.ini` in the BR folder in a text editor. Ensure there is a line that says: `InstallFolder=(...)` where (...) is the location of the TBOI install folder containing an executable
```
